coming up next on their 20th anniversary
the Star Wars movies are coming back
with freshly restored prints better
special effects a few new scenes and a
powerful soundtrack is the force still
with these movies
are there any other ways on the celibate
we become of course that's mark hamill
is young Jedi warrior Luke Skywalker in
the original 1977 production of Star
Wars at one time the best-selling movie
ever made in honor of its 20th
anniversary and to help fund and promote
future films in the series producer
director George Lucas has updated the
film strengthen this special effects
with new technology and even put in a
couple of scenes he says he couldn't get
right the first time for example here's
a new scene as pilot for hire han solo a
34 year old Harrison Ford gets into an
argument with alien mobster Jabba the
Hutt who we saw only in the third film
in the series Return of the Jedi and
then only in limited motion some
Japanese I want to talk to becomes to
yourself Amalia the beauty of desire was
pasty girl what
take a look at this beautifully at it
seen a favorite of Lucas's as Luke and
Han and princess Leah Carrie Fisher
fight off the Imperial forces
of course the Star Wars movies were also
filled with many many memorable
characters in addition to three young
heroes we get the Laurel and Hardy of
robots a loyal dog that stands erect an
old wise man and a great villain with
the voice of CNN James Earl Jones the
ability to destroy a planet is being
significant next to the power of the
force all three of the Star Wars movies
are being brought back in a series that
begins this week with the first one does
it hold up
definitely the significance of the Star
Wars saga it anticipated video games at
high tech while reviving the spirit of
Saturday matinee adventure cereal and a
classic yarn with familiar middle and
huge success the Star Wars pictures also
change the direction of American movies
toward a more global kind of big-budget
action picture but few of its imitators
have had the depth of character of this
most original film oh you're right about
that gene and the depth of this movie
the generosity of it the richness of the
visuals is really what impressed me the
second time around like the scene of the
famous scene in the bar or the scene
inside that big tank with the used robot
and droid dealers right other things in
the corner the other little robots the
other creatures the other strange things
the little Desert Rats right ah
everything in the frame creates this
world you feel there's an abundance of
reality here not just the characters in
the center I think the audacity to dream
up the project was probably the most
amazing thing in itself and also to call
Alec Guinness and to get him I'm
impressed that Guiness did it but I'm
more impressed that Lucas Prout asked
what he did and I think what we felt
when we saw the movie the first time was
we knew this material from comic books
from Captain video on television from
space cadet novels and so forth finally
it was done right we are done well and
that was fun when we come back Tupac
Shakur and Tim Roth are gridlock during
a wild day in Detroit I'm a kid